Update PPP (#225)
AY1920S1-CS2103-T16-3/main: docs/team/cutieprobe.adoc

== Summary of contributions

* *Major enhancement*: added *the ability to suggest and auto-complete commands*

> ** What it does: allows the user to type command faster and easier by showing possible command arguments and allow the user to use TAB key to auto-complete the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** What it does: allows the user to type command faster and more easily by showing possible command arguments and allow the user to use TAB key to auto-complete the command.
```
